Let me start with this concept of 5 AM Dev or 5 AM coder. So, we will try to book
a dot in domain. So, this 5 AM Dev or 5 AM coder is going to be a community and a
movement that will be epic center of like little start with its headquarters or like
the center point will be Salem. So, there are two things one is there is one main thing
which is Salem tick fist. This is a vision that Ilango has told us. So, the vision the
overall idea or vision is to make Salem like a Silicon Valley or Bangalore at the next
Bangalore. Like to make Salem the next Bangalore means what we need to do. We need to bring
in coders we need to bring in the companies that is it. If these two things happen then
Salem will become the next Bangalore. So, first thing we have to make Salem like a coders
hub. To showcase that we need to conduct events like Salem tick fist or something like that.
And here we will try to leverage the colleges in and around Salem. So, we will try to
focus on the colleges, but the college is not our primary focus. So, you will see this Salem
tick fist is not my just not my vision not just the Teela or Susie's vision. This is a collective
vision of Ilango start net and the associated start net group and all there are software
companies decodes the accretions. So, all these software companies we want Salem to become
the next big tech hub. So, this is what we all want and for Ilango if Salem has been made
the epic center or tech hub he will have his own agenda is going on. So, for us this is a
collective vision. In this collective vision they are going to plan this is similar to
SaaS Connect and all they are trying to make it into a massive global event. So,
in this global event they are trying to bring in big players like Microsoft, NVIDIA, TCS all the
big companies they are trying to bring in and that will be positioned as a very big event.
After that Coimbatore will be considered as a very big SaaS kind of already Coimbatore has
many SaaS companies housed in there. So, similarly in Salem we need to create a
dev hub. What we already started to think is first we have to show the availability of
developers here in Salem. Only then companies can confidently make a move on putting up an
office in Salem. So, if we announce that there are 10,000 software developers just in Salem
alone and these many developers are available in these domains and all then people like Deloitte
big companies will come and sit in Salem and they will plan an office. So, this is the collective
vision. Now usually Ilango and others they are good at setting visions, but we have to start
somewhere. So, here is what Tlarka comes in like me as a Sasiwaranakumar as a counter of
Tlarka. We are also going to get investments and we need a developer pool in Salem because we
need a proper development pool right now. So, we have to build the teams fast. So,
this is why we are doing a concept called as 5 AM Coder. So, you have seen me like Tlarka
or Sasi, we are very good at grooming the fresh talent especially grooming fresh talent,
guiding them on their career path scale. Also, even a person without knowing programming or
dev mindset know we are very good at identifying them and guiding them and putting them in the
right path correct. So, this is in our DNA and this is also going to be inside Tlarka's culture
and DNA correct. So, based on this we will create a community called as 5 AM Coder and this 5
AM Coder is going to is first it will start as a community it is a coding community. Then what
we will do we will create the 5 AM movement you know the 5 AM workshops and all know. So,
there are workshops where the people on the early morning 5 AM they wake up and then they start
working on their goals or sometimes they start working on their wellness productivity. There
are multiple 5 AM initiatives around personality or personal development okay,
but for a developer coding and personality coding is the skill that he needs to develop for that
usually you know committed proper developers and all even if he is a developer, but he is kind of
struck in his own day or he is bound to some other work and everything, but this 5 AM kind
of gives him the energy and then escape. So, it will also give him commitment focus and everything.
Like a barrier. So, yeah, so like you can start a coding community who can code at night 10 o'clock,
everyone is free at night 10 o'clock chilling around and you might see hundreds of people
easily joining the 10 a.m. like 10 p.m. 10 p.m. night coding session, but not everyone will
be committed focused and we are not at all interested in numbers. Okay, even if it is just
two or three developers, but who's ready to wake up at 5 AM and give a commitment to learn
or teach. Okay, so people like me, people like Baba like 10 to 15 years experienced and all we
will bring them to the community and who really want to give back to the community. In my case,
why I chose I want to give back, but I don't have enough time, energy and all that resources. So,
I decided 5 AM could be the right time. So, because I will be able to do it. At the same
time, the other person who is going to take the session, so he will also be able to, if he is
committed, then he will join by 5 AM. So, this is a 5 AM code or core concept, committed,
and proper responsibility developers. So, that is the community. So, this is a coding
community. Okay. So, now we are developing this discipline to coders. Not just that,
first what for whom this is. Okay, let us say for whom is this 5 AM coder. So, whoever is a
developer or a coder or want to be a developer or a coder. First initially, I will say how this
goes. Okay, first initially, this we will focus on freshers and the amateur coders. Amateur coders
means they kind of know programming, but they don't have enough depth. For example, they
know to execute Python, they don't know to build application. They know to build an application,
they don't know to host it. They know to build the application and host it in some easily
incomparable thing, but they don't know to build a scalable application and show to the client
and commercialize. So, there are multiple aspects and angles for each developer. Okay. So, first
we will work on the initial fresher kind of developer. We will define something as a developer
mindset. Okay. What is a developer mindset? How a developer should think and what a developer
can do and who is the developer. We will try to define this frame and then try to guide all
these fresher and one year, two year experienced talent. We will try to streamline them in one
path. Okay. But not these people are alone, not coders who need help. Everyone in the developer
community needs some kind of help. For example, a two years experienced coder who has already
as a React developer working in a company has built a project, like hosted a project and all
that. He doesn't know next what to do. Okay. So, we will first start with fresher and college
talent. Okay. First sessions, first a few days, we will start with this. Okay. On the forthcoming
days, what we will do? We will try to give streams like for example, FIEA encoder, everyone will
join in the, I will say for example, everyone will join the call in FIEA. There will be hundreds of
developers. Yeah. And there will be like zero to two years experienced who want to learn the
basics of coding and all will be one one stream. And another stream will be like they want to
know or learn cloud data, that area, because they already know development, they want to go there.
So, there will be cloud these the stream. So, there will be like the people know cloud hosting
and everything. They want to know the scalability, architecture, scaling kind of aspects. This will
be another stream. So, morning hundreds of developers will join the call. Everyone will be
simply having general 10 minutes talk. Okay. Like we will be having from all the streams,
we will be conveniently having three or four speakers or trainers. So, they will be speaking
in general about 10 to 15 minutes. After that, yeah, the stream will split. Okay. Like for first
two years, that stream will split, the stream will split. So, if the stream splits and all,
they will be having their own sessions. Okay. So, when they have the sessions, it's definitely
going to be hands-on. Only those who are going to be doing hands-on, they will be allowed for the
next forthcoming sessions. Okay. So, we need to properly gamify this 5am coder moment,
because we are, we are here only, we are here to help. Okay. Say for example, take me, I,
my hourly cost is $50. Okay. When I'm here sitting, I don't get $50, but I get the satisfaction
few of them are properly transformed their life. But in today's world, because of distractions,
this and that and stupid reasons, this not happening. So, I take me $50 count 20 days on a line,
$1000 to $1500, I am wasting. Yeah. Okay. I'm happy if that transforms into 5 or 10 developers
changing their life. I'm happy even to waste $20,000. But if nothing happens, then why, why should the
trainer or the person who's spending the time bother? Yeah. So, in order to make sure this is
our committed proper movement, we will gamify this with strict rules, something like if you
have come 21 days and completed all the hands-on exercise that has been trained and given and
completed a quiz, you will be awarded a badge. Okay. And once you have the badge, you will be given
challenge projects. And once you have the completed that project, that in that project also, how much
contribution level in that contribution level, there will be different, different things like
testing, he can contribute, you know, on features, PRs, commits, this everything in a development,
how we can measure know, we should try to measure and make it into a what gamified engine. Okay.
Okay. So, purely this will be gamification. So, example, first day, hundreds of developers are
joining. Everyone will be given a profile and this thing. So, when I show in a laptop or an
environment hands-on how to run a Python program, I will be also giving them exercise.
So, all these people should be installing the Python environment in them, they should be in
the call for 40 minutes at least, they should be executing and then from there environment,
they have to show. So, if he does that, then he will be awarded that one particular mark. So,
he has to cross the 21 days. If he has crossed the 21 days, then he is a coder, he woke up at
5 a.m., he listened everything, he tried everything and he executed everything and he earned a batch.
Okay. So, by this, this kind of gamification we have to do, not immediately, but we have to
announce this in our landing page. Okay. So, you understood about everything about this moment.
So, initially, what we have to do, we have to first create a community in some sort of
WhatsApp or some community WhatsApp and both, I think WhatsApp and what is this community
app that usually people, gamers and all will be coming. Discord. So, in Discord, we will create
a channel. In WhatsApp also, we will create a channel. So, in Discord, during coding time, they
will mostly use Discord along with the doubts and all that. So, in the WhatsApp, the general
communications like when a session will be happening, this that, so that kind of talks can go there.
Okay. So, WhatsApp channels and then Discord channel, especially we need to create a landing page
for this 5 a.m. coder or 5 a.m. dev community. So, we will try to showcase our vision.
So, we will tell that first few days, we will start with what? Freshers, guiding people who
don't know to code, we will guide them to code. That is the only thing, first we will start.
Okay. First, a few sessions, I myself will take and then eventually my team,
Bharat Bhavan or staff, key developers are there. So, they will be taking the sessions.
So, post that, I will also be coming, we will also need to build the mentor list, mentor side of
this. Okay. So, usually, nowadays, incorporate environments, they are aware like whoever is
they are working, they are finding themselves a mentor and knowing what to do next in the
career and they are moving the leaders. Okay. For coders, they are not probably doing this
and the other areas they are doing this. So, in coders, we will try to bring in mentors.
So, we will communicate this 5 a.m. coder initiative to other established hardcore
developers and all who is already working in some XYZ company. So, through 5 a.m. coder,
we will ask them to commit some 5 sessions, 4 sessions. So, we will try to ask what their
expectation and if they are good at it, then we will give them session slots. Okay. So, this way,
they will get to contribute something and they will also be as a contributor or a teacher,
instructor in particular sessions. So, this will also give them some sort of profile
to, you know, portray something. Okay. So, it will give them a social currency where
they will like feature themselves as a like I have contributed 10 hours to hundreds of developers
teaching this, this and this. I learned from XYZ. So, I am giving back. So, we will we need to create
some sort of social media automated user generation templates and all then we have to give to them.
So, once the teaching person that contributor comes in, he will, you know, come teach and then
he will also be posting in the social media. Once the word gets out, eventually our 5 a.m.
coder movement will see inflow of multiple community people. Okay. So, this is what we need to do.
So,
